{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Acknowledgements\ulnone \
\
Thanks to Plamoni for his wonderful SiriProxy server. Check him on GitHub.\
Thanks to the developers involved in this complex Siri custom commands server.\ul \
\
Buttons\ulnone \
\
Start: it starts the server in a Terminal window. This window will be hidden.\
Stop: stops the running server by stopping all Ruby and Dnsmasq processes.\
Restart: restarts the running server and bundles it. This will restart Dnsmasq.\
Bundle: bundles the server. This will not affect Dnsmasq.\
Update: updates the server to it's latest version from the original source.\
Gencert: generates the required certificate. This certificate allows the computer to connect with the server.\
Hide: hides all Siri Proxy and Terminal windows.\
Show: shows all Siri Proxy and Terminal windows.\
\
\ul Text Fields\
\
\ulnone obs: leave the text fields blank for default configs.\ul \
\
\ulnone Port: select the port to run the server.\
IP: select the ip to run the server.\
/SiriProxy: locate the SiriProxy installation folder. This is where the bin folder is. DO NOT select any other folder inside the SiriProxy folder. It MUST be SiriProxy\
/.siriproxy: locate the other SiriProxy installation folder. This is where the config.yml file is.\
Password: admin user password to activate the server. It DOES NOT share your password. If no password is inputed, the program will prompt for it when needed.\
\
\ul FAQ\
\
\ulnone This WILL NOT	install Siri on a non approved Apple iDevide, microwave, etc.\
This is only a GUI for SiriProxy. It DOES NOT install the server. Maybe on future updates...\
This program uses AppleScript for most of the code and a plist file in "~/Library/Application Support/Siri Proxy/". A possible solution for missing data or values is to delete the plist file. The program will create a new one.}